APIMF-3262 (#90)
aml-org/a-ml: docs/amf/using-amf/semantic_extensions.mdx

---
id: semantic_extensions
title: Semantic Extensions
---

> "Semantic Extensions" is a mechanism to extend the semantic domain of a specification like RAML or OpenApi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Semantic Extensions" is a mechanism to extend the semantic domain of any specification (eg. RAML or OpenApi).
```

Reviewer 2: +1
